Amoc config docs (#113)
esl/amoc: doc/configuration.md

## Configuration

> Amoc is configured through OTP application environment variables that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amoc is configured through the OTP application environment variables that
```

> can be set in `app.config` configuration file (see [rebar3 documentation](https://www.rebar3.org/docs/releases#section-overlays))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be set in the `app.config` configuration file (see [rebar3 documentation](https://www.rebar3.org/docs/releases#section-overlays))
```

> or using operating system environment variables (uppercase with prefix ``AMOC_``). note that operating system environment variables are evaluated as erlang code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or using the operating system environment variables (uppercase with prefix ``AMOC_``). Note that the operating system environment variables are evaluated as erlang code
```

> Amoc supports the next generic configuration parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amoc supports the following generic configuration parameters:
```

> * ``nodes`` - required for the distributed scenario execution, the list of nodes that should be clustered together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``nodes`` - required for the distributed scenario execution, a list of nodes that should be clustered together:
```

    * default value - empty list (`[]`)
    * os env example: `AMOC_NODES="['amoc@amoc-1', 'amoc@amoc-2']"`
    * app.config example:  `{nodes,  ['amoc@amoc-1', 'amoc@amoc-2]}`                                  

> * ``api_port`` - the port for the amoc REST interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``api_port`` - a port for the amoc REST interfaces:
```

    * default value - 4000
    * os env example: `AMOC_API_PORT="4000"`
    * app.config example:  `{api_port, 4000}`
                                      

> * ``interarrival`` - a delay (in ms, for each node in the cluster independently) between creating processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``interarrival`` - a delay (in ms, for each node in the cluster independently) between creating the processes
```

  for two consecutive users:
    * default value - 50 ms.
    * os env example: `AMOC_INTERARRIVAL="50"`
    * app.config example:  `{interarrival, 50}`

* ``extra_code_paths`` - a list of paths that should be included using `code:add_pathsz/1` interface
    * default value - empty list (`[]`)
    * os env example: `AMOC_EXTRA_CODE_PATHS='["/some/path", "/another/path"]'`
    * app.config example:  `{extra_code_paths, ["/some/path", "/another/path"]}`
    

> * ``config_verification_modules`` - a list of modules with configuration verification function 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``config_verification_modules`` - a list of modules with the configuration verification function 
```

(see Scenario Configuration section):
    * default value - empty list (`[]`)
    * os env example: `AMOC_EXTRA_CODE_PATHS="[some_module, another_module]"`
    * app.config example:  `{config_verification_modules, [some_module, another_module]}`

> In addition to that amoc_metrics supports the next configuration parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, amoc_metrics support the following configuration parameters:
```

* ``metrics_reporter`` - exometer reporter name (atom).
    * default value - `exometer_report_graphite`
    * os env example: `AMOC_METRICS_REPORTER="exometer_report_graphite"`
    * app.config example:  `{metrics_reporter, exometer_report_graphite}`
    
* ``metrics_preconfigured`` - preconfigured amoc metrics, list of {Type, Name} tuples, 

> where are parameters passed to `amoc_metrics:init/2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where parameters passed to `amoc_metrics:init/2` are:
```

    * default value - empty list (`[]`)
    * os env example: `AMOC_METRICS_PRECONFIGURED="[{gauge, some_metric}, {times, another_metric}]"`
    * app.config example:  `{metrics_preconfigured, [{gauge, some_metric}, {times, another_metric}]}`

> If ``metrics_reporter`` is not initialised, it's possible to configure grafite reporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the ``metrics_reporter`` is not initialised, it's possible to configure a Graphite reporter
```

> using the next environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the following environment variables:
```

> * ``graphite_host`` - grafite host address (string or `undefined`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``graphite_host`` - a graphite host address (string or `undefined`):
```

>     * default value - `undefined` (amoc_metrics doesn't try to initialise ``metrics_reporter``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * default value - `undefined` (amoc_metrics do not try to initialise a ``metrics_reporter``)
```

    * os env example: `AMOC_GRAPHITE_HOST='"graphite"'`
    * app.config example:  `{graphite_host, "graphite"}`

> * ``graphite_port`` - grafite port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``graphite_port`` - graphite port:
```

> * ``graphite_port`` - graphite port:

Reviewer: * ``graphite_port`` - a graphite port:

    * default value - `2003`
    * os env example: `AMOC_GRAPHITE_PORT='2003'`
    * app.config example:  `{graphite_port, 2003}`    
    

> * ``graphite_prefix`` - grafite prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``graphite_prefix`` - graphite prefix:
```

> * ``graphite_prefix`` - graphite prefix:

Reviewer: * ``graphite_prefix`` - a graphite prefix:

    * default value - `net_adm:localhost()`
    * os env example: `AMOC_GRAPHITE_PREFIX='"amoc"'`
    * app.config example:  `{graphite_prefix, "amoc"}`    
       

In the same manner you can also define your own entries to configure the scenario.

The ``amoc_config:get/1`` and ``amoc_config:get/2`` interfaces can be used to get
parameters required for your scenario, however every scenario must declare (using
`-required_variable(...)` attributes) all the required parameters in advance. For more

> information see example [scenario module](../integration_test/dummy_scenario.erl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information, see the example [scenario module](../integration_test/dummy_scenario.erl)
```

> NB: the reason why `-required_variable(...)` preferred over the usual behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: the reason why the`-required_variable(...)` is preferred over the usual behaviour
```

> callback is because orchestration tools can easily extract the attributes even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
callback is because the orchestration tools can easily extract the attributes even
```

> without the compilation. while configuration via callback, requires successful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without the compilation, while configuring via a callback, requires a successful
```

> compilation of the module. for example, having such a module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compilation of the module. As an example, a module:
```

```erlang
-module(example).
-include("some_unavailable_header.hrl").
-some_attr({"some", value}).
-some_attr([{another, "value"}, 
            {yet, <<"another">>, "value"}]).
```

> we cannot compile it without ``some_unavailable_header.hrl`` file, but we still

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cannot be compiled without the ``some_unavailable_header.hrl`` file, but we still
```

> can parse it and extract attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can parse it and extract the attributes:
```
